README.md, before:

# GitHub Action: Deployment Notification to Microsoft Teams

This GitHub Action sends a deployment notification to a specified Microsoft Teams channel using an Adaptive Card. It provides details about the deployment status, commit information, and changed files.

## Features

- Sends deployment status notifications to Microsoft Teams.
- Displays commit message, branch, and changed files.
- Provides links to view deployment logs and commit diffs.

## Inputs

- `status: ${{job.status}}` **Required** The status of the deployment (e.g., success, failure or cancelled).
- `teams_webhook: ${{ secrets.MSTEAMS_WEBHOOK }}` **Required** The Microsoft Teams webhook URL to send the notification to.

## Usage

To use this action, include it in your workflow YAML file:

```yaml
name: Notify Teams on Deployment

on:
  push:
    branches:
      - main

jobs:
  notify:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout code
        uses: actions/checkout@v4

      - name: Send Deployment Notification
        uses: Trimud/ms-teams-notifications@v1
        with:
          status: ${{ job.status }}
          teams_webhook: ${{ secrets.TEAMS_WEBHOOK }}
        if: always()
```

Commit message:

Added last_sha input to get changed files since last commit (#2)
Ensure changed files are listed in the card when applicable

README.md, after:

# GitHub Action: Deployment Notification to Microsoft Teams

This GitHub Action sends a deployment notification to a specified Microsoft Teams channel using an Adaptive Card. It provides details about the deployment status, commit information, and changed files.

## Features

- Sends deployment status notifications to Microsoft Teams.
- Displays commit message, branch, and changed files.
- Provides links to view deployment logs and commit diffs.

## Inputs

- `status: ${{ job.status }}` **Required** The status of the deployment (e.g., success, failure, or cancelled).
- `teams_webhook: ${{ secrets.MSTEAMS_WEBHOOK }}` **Required** The Microsoft Teams webhook URL to send the notification to.
- `last_sha: ${{ github.event.before }}` **Optional** The SHA of the last commit (or send the last successful commit) before the current one. This is used to determine the list of changed files. If not provided, the changed files list will not be included in the notification.

## Usage

To use this action, include it in your workflow YAML file:

```yaml
name: Notify Teams on Deployment

on:
  push:
    branches:
      - main

jobs:
  notify:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout code
        uses: actions/checkout@v4

      - name: Send Deployment Notification
        uses: Trimud/ms-teams-notifications@v1
        with:
          status: ${{ job.status }}
          teams_webhook: ${{ secrets.TEAMS_WEBHOOK }}
          last_sha: ${{ github.event.before }}
        if: always()
```
